Adult adam:
This is my mom,
beverly goldberg,
A shoulder-padded,
country-haired mother warrior
Whose top priority
was always her kids.
Before helicopter moms
and attachment parenting,
She was the original smother.
Snuggle bug,
circular motions.
We've had
this discussion.
Just give it to me.
See?
Feel that difference?
Make a bunny face.
She was all over us
from early in the morning
To late at night.
Who wants
a sleepover snack?
(chuckles)
First one to fall asleep
gets their bra frozen.
Why are you in here?
She even found a way
to smother us at school.
(gasps) mom?
Don't mind me.
Soccer tryouts
are this afternoon.
You need that
to protect your
special spot.
I know what it's for.
Just leave.
But nothing put
a bounce in her step
More than planning
our futures for us.
Oh, this is just
so exciting!
So many choices,
how are we ever
gonna decide?
"we"? No, I'm deciding.
Oh, if it were your
decision, you'd go
to hawaii university.
Uh, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
They have a college
in hawaii?
How did they get
a school on an island?
Oh, my! I got to
check this out!
Aloha!
What's this?
A prestigious college
right in our hometown
of philadelphia?
Yeah, there's
no way in hell
I am living at home
and going to drexel.
Hear you loud
and clear.
Hello, drexel.
I'm beverly goldberg.
This is erica.
I don't want to
build her up too much,
But she is literally
the best student
That ever has been
or will be.
(chuckles)
uh, besides having
a great personality,
She gets good grades,
does meals on wheels,
model un
And is a volunteer
swim instructor at the "y."
For the love of god,
stop talking!
You're parading me
around like a poodle
and it's embarrassing.
Honey, I'm your mother.
It is my job to
strong-arm people
Into seeing
how amazing you are.
Look around.
No other mothers
insist on being
so involved.
Betsy: Beverly!
Adult adam:
But that wasn't true.
Her name was betsy rubenstone,
the other smother.
She was head of the pta,
chair of the fall festival
And eight other
parent committees.
My mom volunteered, too,
But betsy was just made
better, stronger, faster.
Ah, betsy!
Oh! Mwah!
So, what school
are you thinking
about for carin?
She's already been
early-accepted to yale.
(clicks tongue)
Today's all about getting
a jump-start for michael.
Isn't he a sophomore?
It's never too early.
I mean,
he only has a 3.8,
So I'm pushing
the extracurriculars.
He's on the debate team,
tours middle schools
with dare,
And he was just riffin
"west side story."
Riff? That's... What?
Like third lead.
Michael's too busy
to be tony.
He's swamped. (sighs)
He can't even be student
council treasurer this year,
Even though he always
runs unopposed.
Betsy and my mom
had been at war for years
Over whose kids were better.
(bell dings)
My little science wiz.
Isn't he amazing?
(coughing)
she built it for him.
(bell dings)
betsy was winning.
Well, barry's busy, too.
Um, he makes up rap songs.
They call him big tasty.
And he does karate
And plays harmonica
and basketball.
Barry made varsity?
More like street ball.
He plays in the street
and in our driveway,
Which leads to the street.
I'm not sure you can
put that on a college
resume. (laughs)
It's a gray area.
You know.
Point is, though,
he will be going to
an ivy league school.
Probably not yale
'cause I haven't
heard great things.
Check it out,
hawaii university!
It's real, and he said
they accept americans!
(laughs)
He's kidding!
Oh, class clown.
Kids love him.
Sense of humor,
it's such a commodity
in today's economy.
Hi.
Anyway, bye-bye, now.
What's the matter?
You're not going
to school in hawaii.
It's surrounded by sharks,
and even if I did let you go,
It would be a stretch
because you don't have
a single club on your resume.
Not true.
I'm founding member
of the beat-box club.
It's not official,
but that's by choice
'cause then
we'd be sellouts.
(beat-boxing)
Listen, I just heard
there's an opening
For school treasurer,
unopposed.
Think about it.
It's a guaranteed...
(beat-boxing)
...Wi-in.
So, I do nothing
and automatically win?
Yes.
Nah.
Come on.
Name your price.
Eight bucks,
and I get to eat in
front of the tv tonight.
Deal.
Yeah!
I love politics.
♪ I'm twisted up inside
♪ but nonetheless
I feel the need to say
♪ I don't know the future
♪ but the past keeps getting
clearer every day ♪
Adult adam:
Back in the '80s,
You couldn't just
lay on your couch
And stream a movie
to your phone.
You actually had
to spend an hour venturing
To a wondrous place
called a video store,
And it was awesome!
Let's just make
this fast, okay?
Pick a movie, and don't go
behind the curtain!
The stakes were high.
If someone already rented
the movie you wanted,
You were out of luck.
No!
Temple of doom
is checked out!
Some putz
checked it out!
Just pick any movie.
Look,  rhinestone.
Rambo sings in it.
Does rambo sing while
ripping a man's heart
out of his chest?
Doesn't say.
When you were out
of options, there was
one last hail mary,
The return bin.
If your movie was in there,
It was like
winning the lottery.
At least for an obsessive
movie geek like me.
(gasps) yes!
I am the luckiest
man alive!
Yeah, we all
have our stories.
Let's just get going.
Here's my card.
Temple of doom.
Overrated.
You want to see
a good film, kid,
Watch bergman's,
the seventh seal.
Or  devil's manners,
that's my student film.
It's pretty much
the quintessential...
No, thank you,
and let's get going.
Uh, we're in a big rush.
(computer beep)
yeah, you have a movie out.
Slap shot.
Overrated.
If you ask,
paul newman
should not...
I did not ask you,
And I know
I returned that movie.
Please check again.
I didn't realize
that my computer
was hal 9000
And it could change at will
And blast us
out the pod bay doors.
Nothing you say
makes any sense.
Please check again
because I am 100% positive
That I returned that movie.
You guys lost it.
Dad, I just want to
watch my movie.
Okay, how much
do I owe you?
To restore your account,
You would have to purchase
the unreturned video.
(beeping)
which would be $59.99.
That's crazy!
I'm not paying that!
Come on.
This is the only
video store in town.
It's not like
we have a choice.
We do have a choice!
I am not leaving here
Until you clear my account
and I get my justice.
(typing)
(computer beeping)
What are you doing?
Just marking
temple of doom
as in stock.
Let's get out of here.
Come on, now, now!
Is mom here?
Yeah, she just got home.
Damn it!
Don't mind me.
Just go back to
your sandwich.
Adult adam:
In that moment,
Pops saw that his sweet,
little granddaughter
Was actually
a master of deception.
There's my beautiful mermaid.
How was swim class?
Little emily goodman
finally put her face
in the water.
Oh, you are
an inspiration.
Thanks, mom.
I'm so proud of you.
(erica sighs)
"swim class,
Thursday the 27th.
"emily goodman,
face in water."
Uh-oh, I'm looking
at some pretty
shady stuff here,
And I know shady.
Okay.
I'm gonna let you in
on a secret that's
so gigantic,
That it could
rock this family
to its very core.
Maybe I shouldn't...
Here it is.
I've never taught a swimming
lesson in my entire life,
I don't do model un.
Or meals on wheels
And it feels so good
to finally tell someone!
Wait.
You scammed your mom?
That's very risky.
How has she not been
at one of your
swim lessons?
I specifically
chose the ymca pool
'cause she hates it.
It's so humid,
it makes her hair frizz.
And the model un. Thingy?
I swore I'd quit
if she showed up,
And she knows better
than to call that bluff.
But how did you get
in the yearbook?
Turns out my
sister's desperation
Spawned a new invention...
The photo bomb.
(camera shutter clicking)
And I thought
she was good.
She is, but I'm better.
And I have to be,
'cause if she ever finds
out, she'll kill us both.
Why am I getting killed?
'cause you're in
on it with me.
Since when?
Since I just told you!
How did this happen?
I just came here to have
a pastrami sandwich!
You better come clean
with your mother
before she finds out.
Or I fake-join
the debate club
And create a whole
other level of lies!
Thanks, pops!
You're the best!
(gasps)
finally! There's my baby.
(sniffs)
what's that weird smell?
That's the smell of clean.
You're free to start
reversing the process now.
How was school?
Sweet!
Fed a sea gull
a french fry.
We're not near the ocean.
How do they get there?
No, I was talking
about student council.
Oh, that. Yeah.
Not happening.
What?
Michael rubenstone
is running now.
You said this was
a guaranteed win and I
wouldn't have to try.
That's what I'm good at.
Since when
is michael running?
He's already got
a full plate.
I'm okay with it,
Mostly 'cause I
don't give a crap.
You can beat
michael rubenstone.
I mean, what has
he got that my
delicious boy doesn't?
Cookies!
His mom made them,
And they're the perfect mix
of chewy and crunchy.
Mmm.
Oh, so we're baking
political cookies now, huh?
You wanted war?
(chuckles)
You've got it,
betsy rubenstone.
(sighs)
(bleep) that is good!
Good morning, guys.
Vote for michael.
Michael for treasurer.
You guys know
michael, right?
Betsy rubenstone.
We need to talk.
Beverly!
Look at you pulling
off that outfit for
the most part.
Cut the chitchat.
I'm on to you.
You said michael
was too busy to
run for treasurer.
Well, he found the time
'cause he has a passion
for politics.
No, he doesn't!
All kids hate everything.
He's only running
because you have it
out for me.
Why don't I make michael
drop out of the race
And give
poor barry the win?
No! You leave michael in.
I'm barry's
campaign manager now
and we will crush you.
I'd love to see that.
Well, good luck.
Good luck to you.
Don't need it.
Neither do I.
Think you do.
Do you?
(softly) I do.
I don't.
What?
Just kidding. I don't.
Oh.
Things were really heating up
Between my mom
and betsy rubenstone,
While back home my dad
was about to lose his cool.
Murray: Oh, what did you do
with the tv guide?
My father had found the video
he swore he had returned.
(sighs)
So he did what any
honorable man would do.
Hide the evidence.
What you doing?
Nothing.
Is that  slap shot?
Are you kidding me?
You swore you returned it.
You said you were
100% positive!
I've never been
100% positive about
anything in my life.
Whatever! Let's just
end this stupid feud
and return the movie.
Nope, dad is
gonna teach you
A very valuable
life lesson here, okay?
If you never admit
you're wrong,
You're never wrong!
Either you take that tape
back to the video store
Or we got real problems, man!
What are you getting at?
You know what I'm getting at!
I really have no clue.
I don't either!
Just return the tape!
As erica spun
her web of lies,
Pops tried to avoid
getting caught in it.
Pops, pops, thank god.
Um, I need you to listen
To this fake argument about,
uh, trickle-down economics
In case mom asks me
about the debate team.
You're writing speeches
for a debate
You're not a part of?
Yes, and we need to
make it good.
No "we."
stop saying "we."
"trickle-down economics
is a pejorative term
"used by
liberal-media hacks."
This is crazy!
Wouldn't it just
be easier if you
actually did this stuff?
I mean, it would look great
on the college resume.
Oh, it would, but I can't.
(sighs)
I'm gonna let you in
on another huge secret.
No!
Here it is.
This is the opposite
of what I want.
Back in freshman year
when I actually did model un,
There was an incident.
It was my sister's
dark origin story.
Back before erica was erica,
She was an overachieving,
first-class stress case!
Senegal? Really?
Their main export
is the peanut!
If I'm getting
a country in africa,
I'm getting libya!
Girl: Erica?
I am libya!
Girl 2: Hey!
I've got every country now.
Uh-huh,
that's right, patel!
(indistinct shouting)
I declare a new world order!
I was such a stress case
under so much pressure
From mom, dad,
my teachers, everyone.
So that's when I
started hanging out
with the popular kids.
And you know what
they do after school?
Nothing. They do nothing!
They're never stressed-out,
so I quit all of it.
But aren't you
just as stressed
Trying to keep this
whole charade alive?
Oh, yeah, it's way worse!
Then just apologize
and go back to being
a weirdo again.
I can't do that.
They hate me.
Kiddo, sometimes you just
have to swallow your pride
And ask for forgiveness.
(bell dings)
Well, what have we here?
Just take the tape,
and I no longer
owe you $59.
That is correct.
(keyboard clacking)
you now owe me...
(beep)
...$106.75.
What are you
talking about?
That's crazy.
Late fees, 61 days overdue
times $1.75, and let's see.
Yes, definitely
a $2 rewind fee.
Just give me
the movie.
No.
Come on.
Give me the movie.
No.
No!
Okay, that's it.
I ban you from
video heaven.
Oh, no, no, no!
I ban you!
That's right!
I am never coming
in here again ever!
That's what I said.
(bell dings)
And  slap shot
is a great movie.
While my dad
was losing his battle,
My mom was determined
not to lose hers.
Hi. Uh, can I speak
to julianne crump, please?
Hello, mrs. Stevens.
Is your daughter kelly there?
Okay, your son kelly.
I'm sorry.
Oh, you've already
committed your...
Your vote to
michael rubenstone? Huh.
Okay, what can I do
to convince you
to vote for barry?
Yes, erica is single.
(door opens)
What the hell is this?
(gasps) surprise!
Get it?
Vote for barry.
Barry. Berry.
Barry.
They sound the same,
and you're both delicious!
Mom. Kids like cookies!
Why don't you just
bake some cookies?
Because "cookie"
doesn't work with "barry."
Well, this doesn't
work either!
That's right!
I got berried!
Ninth grade girls
threw them at me.
There's supposed
to be a hierarchy.
They ignored
the hierarchy!
I quit.
You can't quit.
We cannot lose this thing.
Not now, not ever.
Why do you
even care so much?
I don't care.
Do I look like I care?
(scoffs)
look how casual I am.
I don't want to be
stupid treasurer.
Do you even know
what a treasurer does?
A treasurer is one
of the most important
jobs a school has.
You get to handle
all the money.
So it does involve treasure.
And you get to run
the student government
When the president,
the vice president,
And the secretary
all get sick.
I want this job.
What do we have to do?
You just keep
being delicious.
Uh, let your campaign
manager deal with
all the nitty-gritty.
Here's your speech.
Memorize it.
Okay.
But no more berries!
You have my word.
The next day,
there were no
berries in sight,
But barry was everywhere.
Have you seen this?
This is so
freaking embarrassing.
Oh, my god,
it's you.
No, it's not.
No. No, no, no.
In what universe,
in what reality
Would you think
this is even
a little bit okay?
Just look at that
delicious face!
That's a face
you want to eat.
And vote for.
Fired! You're fired
as campaign manager!
I have just fired you!
You can't fire me.
I'm your mother.
Then I fire you
as my mother!
If you fire me
as your mother,
Then I have failed
as a mother.
Then you've failed
How dare you say
I've failed
as a mother?
You know what?
I bet that
betsy rubenstone
Plastered posters
all over the school.
If anyone failed as a mother,
it's probably her somehow.
Wait, this was never
about me beating michael,
was it?
It was about
you beating betsy!
You always complain about
her being overbearing
and pushy.
You're way worse.
(poster drops)
Adult adam:
I was so excited
for my dad to get home,
I could barely enjoy
my algebra homework.
What's in the bag?
Tell me it's  indiana jones.
Even better.
Who needs a movie
when you've got
a video-game-machine thing?
(chuckles)
Are you joking
with me right now?
This is atari.
I have nintendo.
There's a difference?
Why are you giving me
misguided gifts?
What happened
at the video store?
We lost her, son.
She's gone.
I went in
with the best intentions,
But things were said,
and now we're
banned for life.
Whose life,
mine or yours?
The video-store guy
wasn't clear about that.
How could you do this?
You know how important
movies are to me!
Well, I think
what we have here
is a valuable life lesson.
You know what's a lesson
that I've learned?
Never count on my dad
to do the right thing.
Adult adam:
While I was a casualty
of my father's war,
My mom was finally gonna
wave the white flag.
Oh, hi, bev!
Love what you've done
with the hair.
You make
such brave choices.
Look, I come in peace.
All this bad blood, it...
It's got to stop. Uh...
Barry's dropping out.
Of high school?
Of the election.
So you guys win.
So unexpected.
And yet,
I knew this would happen.
(africa playing)
whoo!
Whoo!
Oh, winner! (laughs)
What?
Oh, no!
Oh, my god,
that must mean
They really loved
the speech I wrote!
Yep, I, uh...
I definitely think the
speech helped clinch it.
This is for all you out there
with overbearing parents
With no sense of shame
or boundaries!
Now, I don't know
how this exactly ties
into being a treasurer.
But I do know
if I can survive
the berries
And the pictures
of me being like this...
♪ hurry, boy,
it's waiting there for you
...Then I'm definitely
the dude to lead
this school.
'cause all moms suck!
Who's with me?
♪ it's gonna take a lot
to take me away from you
(cheers and applause)
♪ there's nothing that
a hundred men
or more could ever do
We did it!
We really did it!
(laughs)
I mean, you...
You did it.
This has nothing
to do with me.
Congrats.
Thank you.
Good race.
It was.
I know.
Do you?
I do.
Drive safely.
I will.
Adult adam:  My mom
would have some tough
competition along the way,
But beverly goldberg
would always be
the original smother.
And erica was finally
able to embrace
her original self.
(taps on door)
Hey, I know
it's been a while.
Um, I want to say I'm sorry
for everything in the past.
But I'd love to be
a part of model un
if you'd have me back.
You can sit next to me.
Pull up a chair.
You want to be
the u.S.A.?
No, no, no, it's fine.
I was thinking...
Senegal?
Adult adam:  As for my dad,
he learned there were
very few things
Worth swallowing
his pride for.
But his kid
was one of them.
Don't talk.
I know I'm wrong.
I know I'm banned.
But I'm not here for me.
I'm here for someone
who loves movies
as much as you do.
♪ but she hears only whispers
of some quiet conversation
Here. (sighs)
It's a video-store
membership.
I'm banned. You're not.
I've prepaid
for 50 movies,
Which should last you
about a month.
♪ hurry, boy,
she's waiting there for you
♪ gonna take a lot
to drag me away from you
♪ yeah
♪ gonna take some time
to do the things we never have
♪ ooh, ooh
Man on tv:
Up next, rhinestone,
starring sylvester stallone.
Oh,  rhinestone!
I hear stallone
sings in this one.
Is there nothing
that man cannot do?
No! He's rambo!
He's rocky!
He doesn't do
country music.
Where's the remote?
(sighs)
What the...
Temple of doom?
Didn't you rent that
a couple of months ago?
(bell dinging)
Oh, balls.